# GoogleNews_ScrapeSummarize

Generates a summary of the news from the topic given.

### Dependencies

required packages: 
```
- Python 3.6
- requests==2.24
- requests-file==1.5.1
- idna==2.10
- selenium==3.141.0
- regex==2020.7.14
- sumy==0.8.1
- numpy==1.19.1
- newspaper3k==0.2.8
- Flask
```


run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install the required dependencies.

### Generating the summary

- Run the command `python scrape_summarize.py --search 'SEARCH_TERM'` directory to generate the summary. The results saved in the `outputs` directory.
- Two other paramets are:
- * `--num_links` to select the number of links to srape from. The default value is set to `10`.
- * `--sent_count` to limit the output sentence count. The default value is set to `20`.

### Additional Information

- A flask api is created and it can be run with the command `python scrapper_api.py`.
- The api accepts a json file of the format given below and returns the summary.
```
{
    "search_term" : "SEARCH_TERM",
    "num_links" : 10    ,
    "sent_count" : 20
}
```

### Sample Outputs

    *Search term: bitcoin
    Date Created: 04/09/2020 11:09:05
    Links failed: 4
    Bitcoin prices tumbled 6.2% Thursday, falling below $11,000 for the first time in a month. Yet those price drops followed gains of 54% in July and 25% in August amid reports of eye-popping dollar amounts flowing into DeFi – especially with recently-launched projects like Compound, Yearn.Finance and SushiSwap – attracting attention from traders to the fast-growing and lucrative-but-risky pursuit of “yield farming.” Total value locked in DeFi more than doubled in August to $9.5 billion, but in the past few days the amount has shrunk to $9.1 billion, according to the website DeFi Pulse. Bitcoin miners and possibly traders decided to take risk off the table by trading in some of their cryptocurrency, which they receive as rewards for helping to maintain the security of the blockchain network. CoinDesk reported prior to Thursday’s sell-off that blockchain data were showing elevated transfers of bitcoin to exchange wallets, typically seen as a precursor of heightened selling pressure. Assembled by the CoinDesk Markets Team and edited by Bradley Keoun, First Mover starts your day with the most up-to-date sentiment around crypto markets, which of course never close, putting in context every wild swing in bitcoin and more. Bitcoin was down early Thursday to about $11,250, extending Wednesday’s sell-off and falling to its lowest price since early August. Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, who run the cryptocurrency exchange Gemini, wrote last week that bitcoin prices could reach $500,000, in an extensive analysis that somehow relates to a database of 600,000 asteroids. According to CoinDesk Research’s monthly review published this week, bitcoin’s price appears to be rising whenever the dollar falls in foreign-exchange markets. Philip Bonello, director of research for the money manager Grayscale (owned by CoinDesk parent Digital Currency Group), says his favorite chart for thinking about bitcoin’s price trajectory might be one showing “holders” versus “speculators.” A holder in this case is defined as a bitcoin that has not moved for one to three years, while a speculator coin has moved in the past 90 days. “It’s reassuring,” Bonello said Wednesday in a phone interview, “that the sentiment of the investor base is growing day by day.” The holders appear to have been unfazed by the volatility witnessed in March, when the spread of the coronavirus quickly sent bitcoin prices swooning from above $9,000 to below $5,000. All of this might mean nothing for the future price of bitcoin. Bitcoin may extend Wednesday's price pullback, as exchange flows indicate increased selling pressure in the market. CoinDesk is an independent operating subsidiary of Digital Currency Group, which invests in cryptocurrencies and blockchain startups.The price of Bitcoin (BTC), the S&P 500 index, and gold all fell simultaneously on Sept. 3. What’s next for Bitcoin price? There is a substantial amount of capital on the sidelines, especially in the stablecoin market.With the price of bitcoin pulling back sharply and U.S. legislators again advocating for blockchain, CoinDesk’s Markets Daily is back for your latest crypto news roundup! Citizens and companies in Zug will be able to pay up to $109,000 of their tax bill in either bitcoin or ether as of next February.Bitcoin continues to slide while ether has a larger share of the crypto market than it has had in years. Bitcoin continues its downward trend Thursday, with prices descending as low as $10,468 on spot exchanges such as Coinbase. Just like Wednesday, leveraged liquidations played a role in exacerbating bitcoin’s price drop. Thomas suspects bitcoin’s price will not reach new 2020 highs in the near term, despite testing that level as recently as Tuesday when the price hit $12,085. But while the price is down, ether’s dominance of the broader crypto market hit a 2020 high of over 14% Wednesday.*


    *Search term: starlink elon musk
    Date Created: 04/09/2020 11:44:50
    Links failed: 0
    SpaceX gave an update on early tests of its Starlink satellite internet network, which showed speeds capable of playing online video games and streaming movies. She acknowledged that the network is "very much a work in progress," with SpaceX hoping to further "unlock the full capability" of the Starlink network as it continues to launch satellites. Space lasers testDuring the launch of its latest batch of internet-beaming Starlink satellites, SpaceX revealed key details about the planned constellation’s abilities, claiming that the satellites have shown “super low latency and download speeds greater than 100 mbps.” The speeds are still not as fast as what SpaceX originally claimed for the constellation, but they are slightly faster than what early user testing has shown. Starlink is SpaceX’s ambitious plan to launch nearly 12,000 satellites into low orbits around Earth in order to provide broadband coverage to the ground below. After today’s launch, SpaceX has put more than 700 satellites in orbit, more than the 400 needed to provide “initial operational capability,” according to Musk, and close to the 800 needed to provide “significant operational capabilities.” This summer, SpaceX began early beta testing of the constellation, with employees using Starlink to test out the download speeds. During the webcast, Tice noted that SpaceX had successfully tested two satellites in orbit that had inter-satellite links, “space lasers” that allowed the satellites to transfer “hundreds of gigabytes of data” between the two spacecraft. Prior to launching its first Starlink satellites, SpaceX said that all of its satellites would have inter-satellite links like the one demonstrated recently. “You may NOT discuss your participation in the Beta Program online or with those outside of your household, unless they are SpaceX employees,” the website’s FAQ stated.Florida: Elon Musk-run SpaceX on Thursday successfully sent 60 Starlink satellites into orbit aboard a Falcon 9 rocket.The two-stage Falcon 9 rocket successfully lifted off with the 12th Starlink batch from the Launch Complex 39A at Kennedy Space Center in Florida.Following stage separation, SpaceX landed Falcon 9's first stage on one of the drone ships in the Atlantic Ocean, the company said in a statement.The Starlink satellites were deployed approximately 15 minutes after liftoff.The launch marks the first Starlink mission this month and SpaceX's 16th mission so far in 2020.SpaceX has so far delivered more than 700 of its internet-beaming satellites into space.According to Musk, there need to be between 500 and 800 satellites in orbit before they beam cheaper Internet.In May 2019, Elon Musk-owned SpaceX launched its first batch of 60 Starlink communication satellites, which surprised astronomers and laypeople with their appearance in the night sky.Astronomers have warned that satellite constellations like SpaceX's Starlink network could disproportionately affect science programmes that require twilight observations, such as searches for Earth-threatening asteroids and comets,Large constellations of bright satellites in low-Earth orbit will fundamentally change ground-based optical and infrared astronomy and could impact the appearance of the night sky for stargazers worldwide, said the Satellite Constellations 1 (SATCON1) report released late last month.Starlink is SpaceX's ambitious project to launch and operate its own network of broadband satellites, which will provide low-cost Internet to remote locations on a global level.SpaceX launched satellites faster than any other company or agency in history over the last month, as part of Elon Musk's plan to blanket Earth in high-speed internet. The launches hurtled 175 Starlink internet satellites into space, along with five satellites from other companies. On Thursday morning, the company's Falcon 9 rocket launched yet another batch of desk-sized internet satellites — the third launch in a month for SpaceX's Starlink project. Already, it has launched 650 satellites, 175 of which went up in the last month alone.That means's rocket company has sent up more satellites in a single month than any other company or agency ever has before, according to a database kept by the Union of Concerned Scientists. After launching at least 500 more satellites, SpaceX plans to boot up Starlink more fully, then build toward a floating internet backbone that would offer most of the planet ultra-high-speed web access. SpaceX is manufacturing its Starlink satellites at an unprecedented rate for the space industry, analysts say, as the company dives headlong into building a space-based global internet service. Starlink is SpaceX's ambitious plan to build an interconnected network of about 12,000 small satellites, to beam high-speed internet from orbit to anywhere in the world. "To put it in perspective, Iridium, which previously held the record for the largest commercial satellite constellation, was manufacturing satellites at the rate of about six satellites per month at the peak of production," Quilty said. "At 60 satellites per Falcon 9, SpaceX is also driven to bring its Starship launch vehicle online as soon as it can, as the company says each will be able to carry 400 Starlink satellites at a time," Bryce senior space analyst Phil Smith told CNBC. August 11: Travelling west to east at 2.51am August 11: Travelling west to east at 4.24am August 12: Travelling west to east 1.57am (poor visibility) August 12: Travelling west to east at 3.29am August 12: Travelling west to east at 5.04am August 13: Travelling northeast to east at 2.36am August 13: Travelling west to east at 4.09am August 14: Travelling west to east at 3.15am August 14: Travelling west to southeast at 4.49am Starlink satellites tracker UK: How to see SpaceX's Starlink over the UK this week On 23rd May 2019, the first 60 Starlink satellites were launched with the SpaceX rocket Falcon 9. With the Starlink satellites being placed far closer, and them creating their own network, the SpaceX satellites will be able to transfer huge portions of information to any point on Earth with superspeed.*